Friends, in this video I am going to tell you
that if your bike met with an accident, then
how do you claim insurance, what is the
process, what are the
steps and how much help do you get in insurance to get
your bike
repaired, so first of all I will
start with my story, it happened with me, so
I had made a claim, I have got insurance,
so I will tell you what all happens, first of all
if you have an accident, there is
any damage, the bike is broken, it has
cracked, then you will have to make an
insurance claim on that, now here
one thing I would like to tell you that first of all
always take first party insurance, the third party can
only help you in running and no
one is less than that, they just do not work with it
and no one is going to help you
if by any chance there is an accident or the
bike gets stolen, now secondly
you should always take first party, if you have first 5
year insurance, then you get
first party for one year, for the remaining four
years you get third party, so keep
renewing the make sure, now comes the second step
bike  I had an accident,
now let me show you some videos as well,
I took it to the garage, first of all
you have to take it there,
I took it to Royal Enfield, so
in this video I had told you
where, you can see that there is a lot of
damage, many parts of the bike are
broken here, now I will
tell you in the end how much
Royal Enfield has spent in replacing all these parts, so
I am going to tell you that too, first you know,
brother, see how much was broken here,
now
your second step starts from here, you will have to make an insurance
claim, the first step is to take the
bike to the garage, the second step is to make an
insurance claim, now you
can make the insurance claim yourself or if you have also
taken insurance from the place from where you have bought the Royal Enfield bike, then they will
also make the claim here, this will be the second
step, what comes in the third step is that
now you have claimed the insurance once,
your insurance number has been entered, that is, the
claim number has been entered, so after that you
can also try it there to see what is happening with
us  With insurance,
whatever insurance you have taken for that,
you can also try it by going to its app or its website,
when was the inspection done,
when did your friend pass, then when
how much is your bike, all these things will keep coming there as well, so
as soon as
you land there, after that there will be a third-party inspection,
there Banda,
initially they complete the inspection there,
you will get a call for verification,
in the third, where you will be asked
where the accident happened, how it happened, how much injury you got, all these
things will be asked, you have
told everything properly, after that it will be passed there,
everything is fine, everything will be passed,
after that the money there will go to
Royal Enfield, they
will order the parts, after that in the fourth step,
parts will be ordered, after that the bike will be ordered,
whatever cracks or damages there are,
whatever parts will be repaired,
and in the third, after that
in the fifth step, the showroom
people will call you as soon as it is done and you will have to sign some paperwork from there,
you will have to do it
there and after that they give you the
bike back after repairing everything.  The
cost here is not going to be even ₹1, let me
tell you, all the parts that were
damaged in my bike, now you can see this bike, it has been
completely repaired from every place, its
headlight and everything else was done,
now the bike is absolutely fine and
I will also show you the bill for making it,
in total parts, your tank was damaged,
after that the headlight was completely broken, the
indicator here was also damaged, so all the
parts, gears, everything has been
made here again and the entire tank has been
fitted as new, the sides have also not been fitted,
so the total cost in this is 35000,
I will also show you the bill which
I got from the insurance, which
I got from the showroom, all the
parts that have been replaced here, the
total bill is 35000 and the
price of each part is also written here,
whichever instrument I had, it was
also broken, all the prices are also written,
I did not have to pay even ₹1, I just got it
renewed when  The insurance was
around Rs. 3000, thank you. It was renewed there, so I
just got it renewed there,
after that not even ₹1 was charged, rest you will have to pay a little file charge, I had to pay
around ₹60 as file charge, that's all
I had to pay for the entire insurance
claim and I did not have to pay any other charge here, the
bike was found ready, so
if you ever claim a bike, if you claim an
insurance, then this video will
help you as to how everything happens,
you are not being given a single penny anywhere, you just
need a file or a nominal punch, ₹600 will be your expenses,
rest whatever damage has occurred, everything will be
ready here, here is the complete information, if you have any
question regarding insurance, then you can ask in the comment box below,
definitely subscribe to the channel,
thank you